Update README.md (#604)
hashicorp/consul-api-gateway: README.md

> ⚠️ **NOTE:** This repository is archived because Consul API Gateway is now developed inside the main [hashicorp/consul](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul) repository (as of Consul 1.16.x). See [API Gateway Docs](https://developer.hashicorp.com/consul/docs/connect/gateways/api-gateway) for more information on how to deploy Consul API Gateway. ⚠️

Reviewer: nit: ```suggestion
⚠️ **NOTE:** This repository is archived because Consul API Gateway is now developed inside the main [hashicorp/consul](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul) repository (as of Consul 1.16.x). Refer to [API Gateway Docs](https://developer.hashicorp.com/consul/docs/connect/gateways/api-gateway) for more information on how to deploy Consul API Gateway. ⚠️
```

> ⚠️ **NOTE:** This repository is archived because Consul API Gateway is now developed inside the main [hashicorp/consul](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul) repository (as of Consul 1.16.x). Refer to [API Gateway Docs](https://developer.hashicorp.com/consul/docs/connect/gateways/api-gateway) for more information on how to deploy Consul API Gateway. ⚠️
> <br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br />
> 
> 
> 
> 

Reviewer 2: GitHub supports this syntax for drawing some more attention to it

```suggestion
> [!WARNING]
> ⚠️ This repository is archived because Consul API Gateway is now developed inside the main [hashicorp/consul](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul) repository (as of Consul 1.16.x). Refer to [API Gateway Docs](https://developer.hashicorp.com/consul/docs/connect/gateways/api-gateway) for more information on how to deploy Consul API Gateway. ⚠️
```
